Update expo debugging instructions for pure React Native apps, add warning (#882)
Microsoft/vscode-react-native: doc/expo.md

## Configuring Expo

> The extension supports running through Exponent not just the applications with Expo SDK but even pure React Native applications, but you will need to add `expo` dependency to your `package.json` using this command `npm i --save-dev expo`. In either cases it uses `app.json` configuration file in the root of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension supports running through Exponent not just the applications created with Expo but even pure React Native applications (in that case you may need to add expo package to devDependencies in order to make it work with Expo: `npm install --save-dev expo`). In either cases it uses `app.json` configuration file in the root of the project.
```
